Great Queen, are you a bit over the top?
Could it be that you are the best at Mr. Wang and Mr. Shang?
Also, the level of Lao Chen and others is not good enough.
I can't even tell the difference between good and bad success.
This is exactly what I said.
You! Words, Huangkou children,
I don’t know what I am doing, but I am using this Huali at this time.
The benefits are brilliant. Even if I am
Xiang Wei Da Wen Ren Gang Di Yi,
I have to convince myself, as for,
You won't defend me even with a big word,
What kind of character is there to comment on at this time?
The fact that the male prince is a rare family
in your mouth
But it became garbage
I'd like to see it
what facts
It's delicious in your eyes.
I would like to visit
You don't know what to say
What can be done
What kind of life is it, big brother?
Just heard it
He also said it was time to say goodbye to Zhuxiang
You write your
What should come out?
Then I will make you feel better today
Just ask like
It depends on your bed
Just let you use it to see
The eldest prince has such a loud tone
Wanzhu phase transformation will become transformation
Suck this phase out of you
that became
tax to absorb
Not interesting
Fang Ke sticks heavily, okay?
Nothing will come out of the prince's affairs. I will keep him in check.
He doesn't look like a talkative person either.
Look at his reality
I'm having fun too
What do we learn